hi again it's Chris Johnson with the RV
News Channel and today I'm at one of the
largest RV shows in the Midwest
joining me is John Thomas from Keystone
sprinter division John I am really
excited about this new campfire edition
sprinter yes the campfire edition is a
new for sprinter we've got the Copper
Canyon this printer and the campfire all
designed off 200 inch wide body we've
been able to do a lot of unique things
because of that people coming into the
show who have had sprinters before have
already looked at this and they're very
excited about it as well with the four
floor plans that we have - for families
for bunk houses and - for you know just
just a husband and wife camping
we've got a great variety of campfire
auditions - ought to offer people sounds
good let's go take a look at that sure
some of the features on the outside that
we have to offer is our Electric tongue
jack
obviously it's gonna save a lot of
cranking from up and down we offer 230
pound bottles as we give you more
capacity for LP we offer the - battery
tray for your battery placement we have
a number of camping made easy features
on our camper your electric awning is
one another cool feature an electric
awning is our speakers that are in the
awning heads which the speakers in the
awning heads when the awning is out the
speakers are actually facing your
campsite also have your LED awning light
be put on the side of the coat so your
awning light is usable with your awning
in or out which is a nice feature in one
of my camp you made easy features with
our friction hinged door we don't have a
latch that will snap off at door stays
in place where you put it we have a grab
handle next to the door which is easy
access for kids or elderly people
another feature that we offer on the
campfire is the fully enclosed
underbelly that is direct vent heated
from the furnace and also your gate
valves are enclosed so you can use this
on colder temperatures and still be safe
from the weather John we're sitting in
the Sprinter camp fire addition it seems
really spacious it is very spacious and
we get to have a lot of customers that
walk in we're actually 100 inches wide
on our body plus we've added six inches
depth to our slider room so because of
that we've got 10 more inches of width
on the inside which makes a spacious
and it sure feels like it in addition to
the features we talked about with us
being a wide-body we offer some features
such as our 30-inch wide entry door
we also offer your LED lighting
throughout all of our sprinter lineup as
well you have the 32 inch LED TV with a
sound bar system in the campfires and
all of our Sprinter travel trailers
we've gone with the 7 cubic foot
refrigerator as well in the bedroom we
have a 60 by 80 queen bed which gives
you walk around space on both sides of
the bed and also gives you two short
clauses which are wider and offers more
hanging space and Chris Brenner is
Keystone's first brain which was founded
in 1996 we have a lot of happy customers
out there and after looking around the
campfire I can really see why